How are you getting along with Yi Ze recently?
It's alright. You're about to get married.
Yanjia Business has reached a critical period again
Don't make any trouble, right?
Kyushu Business Alliance
Got a big offshore power project
I want you to find Yize
Let's talk this through.
Then our speech is stable
Dad?
Maybe yesterday.
But
Not today.
Why is that?
Because Su Yize is just using Cher to pick up girls
I ripped off her mask yesterday
I guess it won't come today.
What are you doing here, boy?
Of course I'm here to help Uncle Yan
Get the cooperation of Kyushu Business Alliance
A project as big as your offshore power station
That's a trillion-dollar investment.
Other groups throughout major cities
Including large foreign companies
They all want to compete and cooperate with Kyushu Business Alliance
And why do you
Please get out now
Stay away from my home
Cher, is there some misunderstanding?
Even if I don't marry Su Yuze
I can't be with you either